Hello, I'm very excited to start this course, but before we start everything, we need to figure out

where we're starting and where we're ending up, we want to have a clear path of success.

This course is going to start off with some react basics.

This is especially useful for those who have never ridden a single line of react or for those that need

a bit of a refresher in this section, we're going to learn about why REACT exists.

We're going to learn about the fundamental principles so that you can tell people this is why REACT

has become popular.

These are the benefits.

These are the pros and cons.

And we're also going to build a fun little project to get us comfortable with react.

It's a big section, but it's going to be a lot of fun by the end of this section.

You're going to know react BASIX.

I mean, that's what the section is called.

But this is a fun park using the basics that we've learned in this section.

We're going to right away start building our large e-commerce, how we're going to introduce topics

like React Router and Firebase to have different pages on our app and also do user signings.

We're also going to start adding redux into our application so that it's ready to scale.

And then finally, we're also going to add payments using the stripe API so that people can actually

buy stuff from our store.

And in this half of the course, we're going to have a fully fledged e-commerce app where we store user

information.

We use Redux to store state react router to move between pages and Strib to actually make online purchases.

And don't worry, we're going to teach you these topics from scratch.

And this is where most courses would stop.




We'd have a nice app, you'd learn the basics and you'd feel comfortable working on a react project.
But we take this a little bit further after we've in the fundamentals and we've built the main components
of our application, 


we introduce you to advanced topics like CSS in JS, and we're going to convert our
app to use a popular library called Styled Components.

And then we introduce Redux Saga, a scalable way for us to handle asynchronous actions in our app.

Then things get even more interesting.

We actually start implementing hooks into our app and see how it compares with redux.

We also use Context API again comparing it, how it's going to work with Redux and hooks and finally

even add GraphQL  to manage at an even larger scale our state.

And by this point we have done a lot in our application, but we take it a little bit further.

We started implementing firebase features in different ways, even creating a stripe backend that you

can use so that our app can actually process payments.

We even talk about complex topics like design patterns, including observables or high order components

better and even touch on an important topic of performance, how we can scale our applications and make

them perform it.

And finally, the last two bonus sections where we actually learn about progressive web apps and implement

our app as a progressive Web app.

And then a nice section on testing where we use the Gest Library to practice writing tests.

As you can see, there's a lot in here and this won't be easy, but we do promise you that we're going

to make it fun along the way.

And by the end of this course, this all is going to make sense.

These are going to be the skills that you will acquire throughout the course.

And by the end of it all, you would have had an app that implements all of these so that you can compare

and contrast, know when to use redux, when to use context API, when to use hooks or graph.

Q Well, you're going to be able to make smart decisions with any react project.

We're going to take you from zero to mastery and along the way we might throw in a little joke or two

to make it fun, whether you're new to react or you've taken a few reac courses but you still don't

feel confident in your skills.

This course is for everybody.

But the best part is this right here, our online community, we have over forty thousand developers

chatting every day in our little community here where we help each other out.

We work through problems together and we discuss the latest and greatest in the world of programming.

And this is an optional resource for you to use so that you can have back and forth conversations with

other students as well as myself and equal.

But you know what?

I can see you getting antsy and ready to start learning.

So enough talk.

Let's learn.

Let's get started.

I'll see you in the next one.